docs: clarify use cache persistence across deploys (#93554)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/01-directives/use-cache-remote.mdx

| **Additional costs**                    | None                            | Infrastructure (storage, network) | None                   |
| **Latency impact**                      | None                            | Cache handler lookup              | None                   |
| **Persists across deploys**             | No                              | No                                | N/A                    |

### Persistence across deploys

Remote cache entries do not persist across deploys. The cache key includes the `deploymentId` (when configured) or the `buildId`, so a new build produces new keys and the previous build's entries are no longer reachable. See [Cache keys](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache#cache-keys) for the full key composition.

This is intentional. Between builds, the function's identity hash or the shape of its return value can change. Upgrading a CMS client, refactoring a cached function, or changing a dependency could produce a value that doesn't match what older callers expect, so reusing entries across deploys risks serving stale or malformed data.

> If you need entries that survive deploys, use [`unstable_cache`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/unstable_cache) for non-`fetch` functions, or rely on the [`fetch`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/fetch) cache.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need entries that persist across deploys, use [`unstable_cache`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/unstable_cache) for non-`fetch` functions, or rely on the [`fetch`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/fetch) cache.
```
